these forest guards are demonstrating a
particularly cruel device used by
poachers this is generally you know
almost four feet deep why would I go to
the trouble of building a trap i say and
it looks pretty time consuming yes it's
definitely time consuming but it's a
silent killing of rhinos what no sound
of a of the gunshot yeah and since there
is no gun shaft the follows department
are not alerted the fact the Rhino
bleeds to death doesn't bother the
poachers of course they only need a
small part of it the horn and it's more
important to them than the survival of a
two-ton animal more distally normal
bloods are coming out so I'll tingly
they're having a really painful did ya
nasty I don't think our fancy falling in
there
apart from the awesome beauty the one
thing that really strikes you about
kaziranga is its size 800 square
kilometers that's about half the size of
Surrey magnificent for a nightmare to
keep secure 300 frontline staff patrol
depart day and night seven days a week
it's dangerous relentless and sometimes
soul-destroying
that I won't even when I an idea i love
to hear the positive we're on patrol
right on the edge of the park and we've
just got some news through another
rhinos been killed when we're out in the
park earlier on I owed some gunshots so
that makes it fired this month by the
poachers are really up in their game and
it's all getting a bit scary
there's no denying the forest guards
commitment they just could do with a bit
help the guards are supported by the
David Shepherd Wildlife Foundation but
there's only so much they can do these
guys are out here night and day in all
weathers walking around this part and
they need some decent boots to do it 10
pound or get them two pairs a decent
boots just a tenner I saw come on a road
Oh